[Fix] wagmi ref guide htmldocs for using Auth v1.0.8 release (#25)
arcana-network/auth-wagmi: readme.md

<p>🔒 &nbsp; Embedded Web3 Arcana wallet that can be branded and configured as per the application needs </p>
<p>⛓️ &nbsp; Sign blockchain transactions, deploy and interact with smart contracts, manage native and custom tokens, view and manage NFTs, send and receive tokens</p>
<p>⚙️ &nbsp; Configure blockchain transaction signing user experience using wallet visibility modes</p>

# 🏗️ Installation

To use the Auth-Wagmi SDK, devs must install and integrate the app with both, the Arcana Auth SDK as well as the Auth-Wagmi SDK.

## npm

```sh
npm install --save @arcana/auth @arcana/auth-wagmi
```

## yarn

```sh
yarn add @arcana/auth @arcana/auth-wagmi
```

### CDN

```html
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@arcana/auth"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@arcana/auth-wagmi"></script>
```

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@arcana/auth"></script>
<script src="https://unpkg.com/@arcana/auth-wagmi"></script>
```

# 📋 Prerequisites

Before you can start using the Arcana Auth SDK and Arcana Auth-Wagmi SDK in dApps, you need to register your dApp using [Arcana Developer Dashboard](https://dashboard.arcana.network/).

> A unique **App Address** will be assigned to your dApp and you need the same to initialize the Arcana Auth SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A unique **Client ID** will be assigned to your dApp and you need the same to initialize the Arcana Auth SDK.
```

# 📚 Documentation

> Check out [Arcana Network documentation](https://docs.arcana.network/) and Auth-Wagmi SDK [Usage Guide](./usage.md].  Also see [Auth-Wagmi Quick Start Guide](https://docs.arcana.network/quick-start/wagmi-quick-start.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Arcana Network documentation](https://docs.arcana.network/) and Auth-Wagmi SDK [Usage Guide](./usage.md).  Also see [Auth-Wagmi Quick Start Guide](https://docs.arcana.network/quick-start/wagmi-quick-start.html).
```

# 💡 Support

> For any support or integration-related queries, contact [Arcana support team](mailto:support@arcana.network).

Author: Updating
